The Joe Rogan experience.
Hey, I was supposed to do this the other day, but we didn't the candles.
I had a party, uh, party. I had a podcast, it was kind of a party. Uh,
Shane Gillis, Mark Norman, listen this morning at the gym. And, uh.
Careful, once you open that bag, it's not gets an gly. Oh, geez.
Yeah.
Smelling salts. You're supposed to open your eyes and waft.
It. Don't sniff it, bro. Just the, just that or that's why.
I've be kept it. I took it.
Off my house and that's fully sealed. Yeah.
Well smelling salts. Can I try one? Well, you don't try one.
It's like just open up the be this is the idea. Okay. Uh,
there's a gentleman on the podcast. The other day is a power lifter.
Rob Cooney and Rob, uh, told us we were talking about smelling salts,
the gay power lifter guy. Yeah. His world strongest gay is his Instagram. Right.
And he was telling us about God
it's nasty. Um, he was telling us about smelling salts.
We're talking about smelling salts and about like, it's a big deal.
And he has actually a smelling salt spell answer.
So Jamie went out and got some smelling salts. All right.
And just open that bag. Don't even bottle by the way,
the bottle is completely sealed. Okay. But if you just open up the bag,
you'll smell how ranked that is. It.
Also has the emblem from the Saul movies on it, which is way dicey. Get.
A with. Wow. Wow. Oh,
and that's a sealed bottle. We're live.
<Laugh>.
It's fully plastic sealed. I feel like we should open it, but if we open it,
is it bad to open it in this room? Nah, but we can handle some.
The warning says like, don't, don't smell it more than a couple times a day.
So like.
Look, but listen. This smell like folks,
I just want you to know we're freaking out about the smell and the plastic is
hear that that's Theo taking the plastic off the bottle so that was sealed up.
Oh my God. Oh, I'll do.
A couple of these on I'm through.
Some things. Okay. Get a whiff, bro. It is in rock. Don't spill.
It. You're not you're supposed, I think you're supposed to leave it in there.
I don't think you're supposed to take it out. Okay.
Okay. You have.
To shake. I think you just take a, wh.
<Laugh>.
They do that right before they lift. Are you okay? Yeah. <laugh>.
Before.
They lift what bro, before they lift weights, you're not.
Supposed to, before they lift the universe before they lift their future,
take a Gander on that with your friends. Something face hit,
take a Gander on that. With that face hitter, Joe.
There's something about just holding it over here as rough.
But there's something about this stuff that like when you take a whiff of it
right before you lift, it's supposed to like jolt your,
your nervous system. Right? Is that.
The idea? I think it's so you forget about everything else. Except for that.
I have.
No take a ride on that hitter. Boom.
Oh my God. Oh, there goes down. Holy.
Is that shocking? Oh my God. Oh my God. That's stunning.
I would've never imagined take that to the.
Fights this week. That's something you buy at a Nelly concert.
Fights case. Anybody needs it. You could use it that lid. Oh Jesus.
Give that plastic bag too. Oh, that's so unnecessary. You wanna try? I'm great.
No, I believe you. No, it's not that bad. Well it's it's not, it's painful.
It the worst than that rice. That drink.
Yeah. It's get a hit. Jamie. You're gonna be fine. You're.
An adult. My friend Megan gave me this drink from Mexico.
It was like turpentine. Yeah. It lights on fire.
Whoa. Right? Like whoa, Nellie.
I'm tearing up. I got.
One of my eyes. Tiered. What is the, is.
That ammonia? Right? I don't know what the it is. And it's Rob,
Rob takes a sniff of that for power lift. I feel like.
I've smelled that one. That kid pukes in elementary school.
That's what they used to like clean.
It up or spray. Oh, I think that's different. That's in rock form.
I think that's much more potent. You okay? Yeah. I'm good.
Just one put as the bag. Oh, that.
Ack. Huh? Oh boy. And y'all can't handle that smoke baby.
So Rob like will take a sniff of those before he like lifts a four 50 pound
log over his head. I could.
See that. I definitely feel more clear.
I feel like it's a whole bag of native American right there, baby. <laugh>.
Do you think you should take a sniff in that before you go on stage maybe?
Oh, I don't know. He almost gets you too separate from your thoughts.
Right? It's so wild. Yeah. It's so jolting.
It's good, man. Thank you for that. I think all.
Those power lifters use it though. Don't I think all of them do, right? Yeah.
Most, mostly. Yeah. It's a big deal. I've seen those guys. They do.
And sometimes they get smacked in the face. Like their,
their girlfriend will smack 'em they there's a bunch of these videos of this
one, dude.
To toughen their cheeks up. Wake you up from being knocked.
Out. Right. Smell the same. Like when they break the little thing and.
They like, yeah. I think that's exactly the same thing. Yes. Yeah. Oh.
That would wake me up. I'd be dead.
That'd break me back at least for a few minutes. Wow.
Jesus Christ. And we are back man. And we're back. Whoa.
My nose is still infected with it. Like when I take a deep breath,
I still smell it.
Imagine how small those particles are and they're just inside your nose. Well.
Also we didn't even get any of the dust out. Like that's in a rock.
People don't understand. I think also do you see it's in a it's in a, yeah.
I didn't even look in there like a crystal something.
I just trust you.
Oh it is.
I didn't look in there.
But I just went like that. I just, I didn't even,
I didn't have it more than like five inches from my nose.
It sounds like it's still in wide open in the room. Exactly. I like it.
It's in your nose. Yeah.
Oh God I'm ready. I mean, I,
I like that a little I'll hit a mark or sometime I'll hit a, uh, I like markers.
I'll go three hits on dust or dude, not enough to damage myself,
but I will take a risk with it. You know?
<Laugh>, there's something about magic markers. Delicious.
Oh, I think even hot. Those hop. Oh.
That's.
A nice smell. And then smile at somebody after that was my favorite thing to do.
<laugh> <laugh>.
Do you like gasoline when you pump your gas.
Dude, we had a guy drank gasoline on Halloween one time, this kid Todd, and got,
had to get his stomach.
Why did he that I don't know. Watch the entire episode for free,
only on Spotify.